You poor bastard still picks up bottles and sells them?
How much are these things worth?
You just pick it up
I can't eat your grandma's illness for the rest of my life
Just your money.
Forget about paying your grandma's medical bills
It's not enough to buy your grandma a coffin
Pardon?
Ouch.
Just a bitch like you
It's not enough for you to hurt me with 10 lives
What do you want?
Don't tell me to let me go
grandma
When will these days end?
I'm useless. I can't even protect myself
How can I protect you?
Dear daughter, mom is here to pick you up from school
I told you to take the bowl of soup back to taste today
See if you like to walk
Hey, mom, you only have your sister in your eyes now
I'm so mad!
You mispronounced mom all these years, brat
What happened to the 18-year-old mother being nice to her sister?
Hey, why did you bring my Xiaoyue's jade pendant?